OK.
Welcome back.
So today we're going to go ahead and talk about basically local variables.
Again we are going to deal with the same applicant with the same thing with the same things but the
same general outline and I'm just going to talk about local variables.
I have changed a few things here actually quite a bit and we'll see how that actually works.
So pretty soon we will actually go into building a real application I do believe that it should be in
like two one or two more chapters and then we're going to start building the application after after
we have went over some of the very very very basic things.
So some of the things that are different here.
I mean you will have the code of course so you can take a look at it and you can take a look at it on
the screen as well.
That's the best way actually.
But if you want to just copy paste it from some from the links that will be provided you absolutely
can do that as well.
So again we have this class.
There is this private some sort of a variable here property and down below we have tables before change
mail.
But aside from Changed mail right below it is a key press function.
Now this is going to actually serve us rather well because this method does not return anything and
it accepts a parameter which is actually a keyboard event so it can detect when you press a key on your
keyboard.
The if statement here.
So it first receives a keyboard event some sort of a keyboard.
And then there's an if statement which checks whether or not the key code from the event is equal to
13.
Now what is 13.
Well which which key on the keyboard do you think that 13 represents.
Well you can look it up on the net if you want to answer your answer questions for yourselves but it
represents enter so it presents to return key on your keyboard.
Here Actually I might just show you quickly.
You can just type in the MLT codes and open up pretty much any site I have opened up this one CSSA tricks
dot com and you get the list of values and corresponding key.
So you see backspace would be a tab would be 9 enter would be 13 shift 16 extra.
So you even have the key codes for letters.
Decimal points and function keys you have you have you have these keys for everything you have that
you have the codes for each and every key on the keyboard or you should have in any case.
So I'm just going to go ahead and close that.
You also have the ASCII table you can take a look at it there if you wish.
13 should still be the entry.
But here it says carriage return at the entry is basically the return key.
The way I put it in anyway.
So it checks whether the event key code is 13 basically checks whether the user has pressed enter or
not if you press anything else obviously it's not going to have the return value or the key code will
not be 13 it will be something else as you could as you just saw on the site.
Then we have some sort of a variable called input element and this TELLEMENT has basically event target
gets our element.
And then we need to cast event or target which is an HD M-L element to input element.
Casting is basically converting something to something else.
So if any of you are familiar with C++ or some programming languages fairly similar to that casting
would look something like this.
Is just pseudo code this is not real code.
If I say 2.2.
Basically point two as I said this is not legit code this is just pseudo code 2.2 which is a double
A-type double in C++ meaning that its like it has this part and this part of floating point in C++ would
be 0.2 for example.
But that does not matter.
What matters is that this is a method.
This is a way of converting things.
So since this is of type double.
This is going to get converted to type and type in it.
Well the small portion of it will get truncated so it will 2.2 will become two.
This is of course all irrelevant for you now.
I'm just trying to explain what is going on here in simpler terms.
So we're basically converting this into this.
Well the return value of this into this type.
So we need the we need this we need this event our target that gets our element we need to cast that
into a an input element.
So this is this will be NHT MLA element and then we need to cast that to an input element.
So as I said casting is basically just converting things then down below.
Therefore I will very soon correlate this with the HDMI code and things will become a lot clearer.
Dan so down below we simply call the change mail function or method and then we pass to it the input
element dot value.
So we do it this we pass this parameter to it.
And this will be a string and change e-mail.
We'll then basically perform its logic where the current user e-mail will be changed.
Hence this value here will become I don't know something else something that we input on the screen
in the problem.
Now let's go ahead and correlate this with our HMO code and see what is going on there.
Let me just see if I can do this.
Close tabs right.
Closed see tabs split up split down case I'm just going to do a split like this.
The split of the screen so that you can actually see things a little bit better in terms of correlating
the amount HDMI is going to be down below so that we can i just want to be able to see the methods down
below.
And here you will be able to see the HD M-L code anyway.
So again there are a few things that are different here the very first thing that you will notice and
the very thing that I wish to explain here is this referencing here so check this part out.
This does this separation here.
So we have some sort of an element which is basically input and it accepts text but we are creating
new reference to it.
Angular 2 allows for references to elements to each DML elements inside of the template we declare a
reference by basically using a hash and then I don't know name of reference it doesn't need to be.
It can be like test or whatever you can type in pretty much as long as you stay true to some naming
conventions and rules anyway.
Immediately down below we're stating that the value of input is a dot value.
So our value gets the value from the input above.
So from here we type something in.
So we type some sort of a text in and then we were retrieving that text and we're going to retrieve
it by interpellation which we have learned previously.
So a is the element and the value is the value of element or whatever we've typed in.
So that's that's what a represents here.
Anyway this is not going to work.
So this is clearly a wrong example.
This is not going to work.
It's missing something it's missing an event.
Why.
Because basically if we do not call any events nothing's going to happen no changes will be detected.
Only when an event is triggered will Engler actually check for any changes.
If it does not check for any changes it doesn't matter if we have enacted those changes or not.
And ular 2 will not Shank's will not check for them and hence nothing is going to happen.
Nothing is going to be displayed on the site for us.
That's nothing that has happened in that sense immediately down below.
I have a right example of it.
And the only thing that's the only thing that separates the wrong from the right here is this.
So this part here so 8.5 you again get again we'll get the value.
Well not sorry not a value the data value will again get the value from this input and I don't know
if we type in some text like hello throw or blah blah blah that's what's going to go here but we have
this event.
This is the only reason that this works because we called an event and it's not just any event because
I mean you need to call an event but you don't actually need an event for anything.
So what do you do.
Well you call a so-called stupid event a stupid event.
Well it is an event that basically is called and does literally nothing.
So it does not interfere with us in any way manner or form.
Why do we need this.
Because as I said Engler will only check for changes if an event was omitted if it was not.
If we do not do that no changes will be detected.
A completely pointless fact with me just go ahead and save this save us and wait for the loading Ah.
The beautiful speed.
So we have the first one so we're looking at the first one.
So Dave imper tax day value of input is there.
OK so let's type something in LA LA LA LA LA LA and we click value of input is la la la la.
OK so this apparently works.
But let me just button test value of this test.
Again they work but it should be actually outputting it it should be actually outputting it without
me without me doing the clicking test.
Nothing but la la la la.
And changes are detected.
So when I click I have obviously called some sort of an A and therefore this is displayed.
But if I just type in I don't know why why why why.
Nothing happens.
But if I type it y y y y down below you see they both will change this one.
This one here will reflect the changes here and this one here will this one here basic.
Sorry this one here will reflect the changes here if you don't believe me let me just say you like I'll
type in D D D D D and you see it happens there.
But if I type something in here like 4 4 4 4 nothing happens there are no changes which have been enacted.
But again R R and when an event is called angular to we'll check for any changes within the component
within one whole.
So to say this is regard to click that's gonna work and actually come to that.
Obviously if you click you called and you've called another event here so therefore the changes are
reflected and any event that's basically called it's going to trigger checking for changes.
But just this regard the total click here because that's something that we're going to come to in a
fair amount of time anyway anyway as I stated we're looking at this first.
So Dave imper type equals text reference and then the value is we're using the reference to get the
value and that value.
We're expecting it to be printed out right underneath the input so if I type in 2 2 2 2 2 a piece Ah
good amount of twos nothing happens.
It's not displayed but look at the code down below.
It's exactly the same ups.
My apologies.
If I just do this now.
Yes.
Be OK.
We're going to get to all of these elements doesn't matter anyway.
You look at this code up above the first day of.
And then you look at the second is and there are exactly the same except for the key.
Up equals zero except an event is called here.
So if I type things in here nothing's going to happen.
I have them typed in there unless an event is called and angular to will not detect any changes.
In fact it will not even attempt to detect any changes.
And this paragraph will not be printed out onto the screen.
If any event is called within the component it should be like that anyway.
E-5 just typed in 1 1 1 1 1 ones get printed out and to get printed out because angular too has detected
the change above as well it detects all the changes.
So this is for the second input and the first is for the first.
I know it can seem a little bit confusing I'll give my best to explain it to the best of my abilities.
But if you have any questions feel free to post them in the Q&A section.
Anyway let's just minimize this and let's go ahead and check to check the rest of the things out.
The to go up there click that was a leftover from the previous tutorial.
You can see the code here but that has already been explained extensively in the previous tutorial.
Why is it so and how it actually works.
Anyway I'm going to go ahead and pause the video here because it's getting rather lengthy and then we're
going to proceed from here onwards down to the bottom.